Mithril update 2024-09-18 (#466)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-09-18-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-09-18-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team continued working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They kept implementing a buffer store for individual signatures that may arrive before being processed by an aggregator, kept working on refactoring the state machine of the signer, and started working on a mechanism to support specific configurations for signing the Cardano transactions. Additionally, they fixed the panics occurring in both the signer and aggregator during rollbacks of the Cardano chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team continued working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They kept implementing a buffer store for individual signatures that may arrive before being processed by an aggregator, worked on refactoring the signer state machine, and started developing a mechanism to support specific configurations for signing Cardano transactions. Additionally, they fixed the panics occurring in the signer and aggregator during Cardano chain rollbacks.
```

> Finally, the team continued preparing the next distribution and investigated a problem that prevents the consistent certification of the Cardano transactions in the `pre-release-preview` network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the team continued preparing the next distribution and investigated a problem preventing the consistent certification of Cardano transactions in the `pre-release-preview` network.
```
